I loved traveling. In China, I've visited over 300 cities — from the Terracotta Warriors in Xi'an to the picturesque landscapes of Guilin, from the small bridges and flowing waters of Suzhou to the giant pandas in Chengdu. Most of these trips were with my family. My father loves nature, so I often followed him on hiking trips, fishing adventures, and river rafting.

I was born into a poor family. During my childhood, we faced financial difficulties. However, because of my passion for music, I later had the opportunity to visit several European countries. When I was in primary school, I was invited to join a local Chinese traditional music ensemble. Besides completing my schoolwork, I basically spent all my weekends and holidays practicing various Chinese traditional instruments. Eventually, I was invited to perform at the Golden Hall in Vienna, Austria, which also allowed me to experience different aspects of European culture from an early age.

When I was fourteen, I was fascinated by Korean music bands, so I traveled alone to Seoul. It was an unforgettable experience — I visited ancient palaces on my own, went to locations where Korean dramas were filmed, and tried skiing for the first time, which turned out to be a big failure. I also walked past the headquarters of the entertainment company that my favorite band belonged to.

The following year, I traveled with my mother to Bangkok for the first time. We joined a tour group, but unfortunately got lost in the city. I communicated with a driver in English and managed to handle the problem.

During university, I earned some money from selling and writing, I invited my friend to Thailand and Japan. In Chiang Mai, I swam and explored night markets, writing in different cafés. In Kyoto, I celebrated New Year at a shrine with locals and experienced traditional Japanese culture. As a thank-you gift, that friend also invited me to Jeju Island in South Korea. There, we challenged ourselves to hike Mount Hallasan — we started at 6 a.m. and didn't finish until 6 p.m.

Later on, through my own hard work, I was accepted into Trinity College Dublin for my master's degree. While studying there, I explored many places across Ireland. In the future, I plan to visit even more countries.

